添加多人对战文档 (#641)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/multiplayer/error-code.mdx

---

> title: Multiplayer Online Battle Error Code Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Multiplayer Error Codes
```

> sidebar_label: Error Code Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Error Codes
```

sidebar_position: 5
---

> ## Application level error code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Application-level error code
```

### 4001

- Message - APP_NOT_FOUND

> - Meaning - App not found, please make sure the App ID and App Key are entered correctly and the correct node is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - App not found. Please make sure the App ID and App Key are entered correctly and the correct node is set.
```

### 4002

- Message - INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE

> - Meaning - The account to which the application belongs is not paid, please recharge the account before using the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The account to which the application belongs has negative balance. Please recharge the account before using the application.
```

<!--
It's not live yet.
### 4003
* Message - GAME_SERVICE_DISABLED_ON_APP

> * Meaning - The application is disabled for gaming. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Meaning - The application's gaming function is disabled. -->
```

### 4004

- Message - CCU_QUOTA_EXCEEDED

> - Meaning - CCU has exceeded the current quota limit, please upgrade to Business or Enterprise Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - CCU has exceeded the current quota limit. Please upgrade to Business or Enterprise Edition.
```

<!--
Hook related error, Hook is not yet online!
### 4005
* Message - LOAD_GAME_HOOK_FAILED
* Meaning - Failed to load GameHook. -->

### 4006

- Message - JOIN_OR_CREATE_ROOM_NOT_ALLOWED_DUE_TO_APP_MSG_QUOTA_EXCEEDED
- Meaning - The maximum message sending rate in an application room exceeds 500 messages per second, prohibiting the creation of new rooms and joining other rooms.

## Service Fault Error Code

### 4200

- Message - INTERNAL_ERROR

> - Meaning - Internal server error, contact technical support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - Internal server error. Contact technical support.
```

### 4202

- Message - SERVICE_TEMPORARILY_UNAVAILABLE

> - Meaning - Game service is temporarily unavailable, please contact technical support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - Game service is temporarily unavailable. Please contact technical support.
```

## Room error code

### 4301

- Message - ROOM_NOT_FOUND

> - Meaning - Room could not be found, the following conditions will cause this error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - Room could not be found. The following conditions will cause this error:
```

>   - No Room matches the criteria during random matching, you can create a new Room at this point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - No room matches the criteria during random matching. You can create a new room at this point.
```

>   - Room name was specified to be added to the room, but the room has been destroyed or has an incorrect name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Room name was specified but the Room has been destroyed or the name is incorrect.
```

### 4302

- Message - ROOM_FULL

> - Meaning - Room is full, please join another room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - Room is full. Please join another room.
```

<!--
Error that needs to be handled by the SDK, developers don't need to worry about it.
### 4306
* Message - ROOM_ID_REQUIRED

> * Meaning - need to pass room id -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Meaning - Need to provide room id -->
```

### 4308

- Message - ROOM_MEMBERSHIP_REQUIRED
- Meaning - Requires the current player to be in the room in order to perform the action.

### 4309

- Message - ROOM_GAME_VERSION_OR_SDK_VERSION_NOT_MATCH
- Meaning - The Game Version or SDK Version of the user who created the Room does not match the Game Version or SDK Version of the user who is currently in the Room. This error occurs when you force join a room with a Room name that does not match your Game Version or SDK Version.

<!--
Unlikely to be encountered by developers.
### 4310
* Message - ROOM_NOT_ON_THIS_SERVER
* Meaning - room is not on the current server -->

### 4311

- Message - ROOM_ALREADY_EXISTS

> - Meaning - Room already exists, create a room with another Room name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The Room already exists. Create a room with another Room name.
```

### 4312

- Message - ROOM_ATTRS_FULL

> - Meaning - The attribute of Room has reached the maximum length limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The attributes of the Room have reached the maximum length limit.
```

### 4313

- Message - INVALID_ROOM_ATTR
- Meaning - The attribute of Room does not match the requirement.

### 4314

- Message - ROOM_CLOSED
- Meaning - Room is closed. This error occurs when actively joining a room that is already closed.

### 4315

- Message - TARGET_MASTER_CLIENT_OFFLINE
- Meaning - The target Master was not online when the Master was transferred.

### 4316

- Message - INVALID_ROOM_ID
- Meaning - Room id is not in the required format.

### 4317

- Message - SHOULD_LEAVE

> - Meaning - An error occurs when a user joins another room without leaving the current room, please call the leave method first before joining another room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The user joins another room without leaving the current room. Please call the leave method first before joining another room.
```

<!--
With the current limit of 100 keys, it's unlikely that this error will be triggered, so hide it for now!
### 4318
* Message - LOBBY_ATTR_KEYS_FULL
* Meaning - Lobby attribute Keys are full, this error may be triggered when creating a Room. -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4319
* Message - INVALID_LOBBY_ATTR_KEYS
* Meaning - Synchronised Lobby's room attribute is formatted wrong -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4320
* Message - INVALID_PLAYER_TTL
* Meaning - playerTtl formatting error -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4321
* Message - INVALID_EMPTY_ROOM_TTL
* Meaning - emptyRoomTtl formatting error -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4323
* Message - LEFT_ROOM
* Meaning - when you leave the room, the link is broken and the server sends a session/closed with this code -->

### 4324

- Message - SHOULD_JOIN

> - Meaning - The Client is not currently in any Room, but is trying to do some operation in a Room, please join a Room first before doing the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The Client is not currently in any Room, but is trying to do some operation in a Room. Please join a Room first before doing the operation.
```

<!--
Hook related error, Hook is not yet live!
### 4325
* Message - ROOM_NOT_INITIALIZED
* Meaning - room has not been initialised yet -->

### 4326

- Message - ROOM_ATTR_NOT_MATCHED
- Meaning - When you join a Room by matching Room attributes, there are no rooms matching the relevant attributes, so you can create a new room matching the relevant attributes.

<!--
This is very rare, hide it first
### 4327
* Message - ROOM_NAME_AUTHORIZATION_EXPIRED
* Meaning - Too much time has elapsed between the execution of the room creation logic in Lobby and Game Server -->

### 4328

- Message - OPERATION_NOT_ALLOWED
- Meaning - Not authorised to do this operation.

### 4329

- Message - PLAYER_PROPERTIES_FULL

> - Meaning - User properties are full, please reduce the size of the properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - User properties are full. Please reduce the size of the properties.
```

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4330
* Message - INVALID_PLAYER_ATTR
* Meaning - User attribute is not legal -->

## RPC message related errors

<!--
Hook related error, Hook is not yet live!
### 4402
* Message - MESSAGE_REJECTED_BY_APP
* Meaning - Message rejected by Game Hook. -->

### 4406

- Message - NO_VALID_MESSAGE_RECEIVER
- Meaning - The message has no legitimate recipient.

<!--
The SDK has not yet implemented this feature
### 4407
* Message - CACHED_EVENTS_FULL
* Meaning - cached messages are full -->

## Other errors

### 4101

- Message - DUPLICATE_LOGIN

> - Meaning - On a link that already has a user logged in, another login request is received from another user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - On a connection that already has a user logged in, another login request is received from another user.
```

### 4102

- Message - DUPLICATE_CONNECTIONS

> - Meaning - The same user is logged in on different links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - The same user is logged in on different connections.
```

### 4013

- Message - SIGNATURE_VERIFICATION_FAILED
- Meaning - Signature error.

### 4104

- Message - INVALID_APP_ID_OR_CLIENT_ID
- Meaning - App id or Client id format is not legal.

### 4105

- Message - SESSION_REQUIRED
- Meaning - The user sent a request without logging in.

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4107
* Message - READ_TIMEOUT
* Meaning - client has not sent data to Server for a long time -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4108
* Message - LOGIN_TIMEOUT
* Meaning - Login was not performed within the timeout period after the link was established -->

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4109
* Message - JOIN_ROOM_TIMEOUT
* Meaning - User logged in to Game Server and did not join any room within the timeout period -->

### 4110

- Message - FRAME_TOO_LONG
- Meaning - The received packet was too large and exceeded the limit.

<!--
Should be handled by the SDK
### 4115
* Message - UNPARSEABLE_RAW_MSG
* Meaning - Client sends data Server cannot parse -->

<!--
Difficult for users to encounter, don't tell them yet
### 4117
* Message - TOO_MANY_REQUESTS
* Meaning - Client is sending messages too fast -->

### 4121

- Message - INVALID_PARAMS

> - Meaning - Wrong parameter, please check the detail information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meaning - Wrong parameter. Please check the detail for more information.
```
